Hey, everyone. This is Alastair from Coiab. And in today's video, I'm gonna be showing you the control panel. At the same time, I'm gonna be showing you how fast it is to deploy an example Go application across our 6 regions simultaneously. So let's go ahead and get started. Fast I'm going to move on over to the platform. If you haven't deployed anything on us yet, this is what you'll see. If you'd like to get started quickly, you can deploy any one of our example applications. Today, I'm going to be deploying from my GitHub repository, so I'm going to go ahead and click create app. Fast now this is where you can select your deployment method. You can deploy pre built containers from any container registry using this deployment method. But today, we'll be using GitHub and leveraging the continuous deployments that come with deploying with Git. Here's where you can search for your repository. You can find it here if you've worked on it recently. You can also deploy any public GitHub repository. You just won't be able to use fast auto deploy, for example, when using that. So I'm gonna go ahead and select my repository, which is this example Golang application. Fast and now I'm on the service creation page where I can select my application's name, the branch I want to deploy, how I want to build my app. We also support, builds from Docker files if you need more control over the build process. Fast. I'm gonna go ahead and keep it as the default buildpack option. This is where you can select your service type, and we also support deploying workers. But today I'm deploying a web service so I'll keep it as is. Now this is where you can select the regions you wanna deploy. Fast to be able to deploy across our 6 regions, you'll need to use a different instance type. So I'll go ahead and select the nano instance type. Fast you can upgrade to access these larger instance types down here. But for my application today, nano works just fine. Fast and now I can click on our 6 regions. Down here is where I can add environment variables, fast I specify the port I'd like to use, the protocol I want to be used to reach my application, and this is where I can horizontally scale the number of instances running per region. I'm going to keep it down for 1, but just wanted to show you how easy it is. Fast. And, last but not least, I wanna just change the name of my app to demo, and this will be used fast to create some domain for my app but of course you can always configure and add your own custom domain later. And that's it. I'm going to go ahead and hit deploy. Fast so now the platform is taking care to build my application. I can see the build logs down here. Once it's finished building, it's going to take care of creating micro VMs that are running directly on bare metal servers to run my application across these fast regions that I've selected. And once it's finished deploying, I'll be able to access it at this public URL. The build and run should be finished in a couple minutes so I'm going to go ahead and skip to then. And that's it. My app is live running across these 6 regions: fast I can access the app by clicking on this, public URL can I see this hello from COVID message as expected? And that's it. Thank you so much for watching. We can't wait to see what you're going to deploy across these 6 regions if you have ideas for a new feature, let us know on our feature request platform. If you ever wanna reach out to us, fast we're on Twitter and we have a Slack and COYOB community which I'll link all down below. And last but not least, we also have a COIB CLI if you prefer to deploy your applications directly from the terminal. I'll link that down below as well. Again, thank you so much. I wish you a great day.